1. In the La Liga season of 2020/2021, sort the players from highest to lowest based on their average xG scores. **Output both the player names and their average xG scores.**
2. In the La Liga season of 2020/2021, find the players with the most shots. Sort them from highest to lowest. **Output both the player names and the number of shots.**
3. In the La Liga seasons of 2020/2021, 2019/2020, and 2018/2019 combined, find the players with the most first-time shots. Sort them from highest to lowest. **Output the player names and the number of first time shots.**
4. In the La Liga season of 2020/2021, find the teams with the most passes made. Sort them from highest to lowest. **Output the team names and the number of passes.**
5. In the Premier League season of 2003/2004, find the players who were the most intended recipients of passes. Sort them from highest to lowest. **Output the player names and the number of times they were the intended recipients of passes.**
6. In the Premier League season of 2003/2004, find the teams with the most shots made. Sort them from highest to lowest. **Output the team names and the number of shots.**
7. In the La Liga season of 2020/2021, find the players who made the most through balls. Sort them from highest to lowest. **Output the player names and the number of through balls.**
8. In the La Liga season of 2020/2021, find the teams that made the most through balls. Sort them from highest to lowest. **Output the team names and the number of through balls.**
9. In the La Liga seasons of 2020/2021, 2019/2020, and 2018/2019 combined, find the players that were the most successful in completed dribbles. Sort them from highest to lowest. **Output the player names and the number of successful completed dribbles.**
10. In the La Liga season of 2020/2021, find the players that were least dribbled past. Sort them from lowest to highest. **Output the player names and the number of dribbles.**